docs(color-mode): updates docsite to reflect current behavior (#1062)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui-docs: content/docs/styled-system/color-mode.mdx

By default, most of Chakra's components are dark mode compatible. In some
scenarios, you might need to make your component respond to color mode.

> **Tip:** Chakra stores the color mode in `localStorage` or in `cookies` and appends a
> className to the `body` to ensure the color mode is persistent.  
> In case you need to reset the color mode, you must delete the item from `localStorage` or `cookies`, so on next page load the value is initialized like the first time user visited the page.

## Introduction to Color Mode

> In the recent years, operative systems (`system` for this guide) give user the option to choose from Light or Dark color mode.

Reviewer: Can we change this to `operating systems`?

Author: Sure, to be consistent i replace every `operative system` occurrence with `operating system`

Author: Included in commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0

Some operative systems include also an automatic option that toggle color mode based on daylight, (day = light, night = dark).

> Browser can access this value provided by the operative system, and subscribes to the changes.

Reviewer: Can we change this to:
```suggestion
Browsers can access this value provided by the operating system, and subscribe to the changes.
```

Author: Included in commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0

> With Chakra, you can customize the behavior of color mode.

Reviewer: Can we change this to:
```suggestion
With Chakra UI, you can customize the behavior of color mode.
```

Author: Included in commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0

You can decide:
 - Where to store the current value, choosing from `localStorage`, `cookies`, or custom.

>  - If a change in the `system` color mode must change the app's color mode, or not.

Reviewer: Can we change this to:
```suggestion
 - If the application color mode changes based on the system's color mode.
```

Author: Included in commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0

   your application should start with to either `light`, `dark` or `system`. It
   is `light` by default.

### Updating the theme config

The theme config for color mode has 2 options:

- `initialColorMode`: The initial mode you'd like your app to start with when user visit the page for first time (or after storage reset). Can be one of `dark`, `light` or `system`. Default is `light`.

// TODO: useSystemColorMode default is undefined or false ???

> - `useSystemColorMode`: If `true`, chakra subscribes to changes in `system` color mode. If set to `false` (or `undefined`), the app's color mode is detached from the `system` color mode. Default is `undefined`.

Reviewer: This is 'light'.
https://codesandbox.io/s/cool-monad-cyt8wh?file=/src/index.tsx

> - `useSystemColorMode`: If `true`, chakra subscribes to changes in `system` color mode. If set to `false` (or `undefined`), the app's color mode is detached from the `system` color mode. Default is `undefined`.

Author: Included in commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0

> Remember to pass your custom `theme` to the `ChakraProvider`, otherwise your
> color mode config won't be taken into consideration.

#### Common Configurations

> To help you define you desired behavior, here we define all common usage of the theme config :

Reviewer: Remove the empty space between the last g and the `:`
```suggestion
To help you define you desired behavior, here we define all common usage of the theme config:
```

Author: Included in commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0

> **Tip** If you prefer, you can use this [playground](https://codesandbox.io/s/chakra-ui-color-mode-test-f5fcwr?file=/src/uiLayer.chakra/customTheme.ts) to try different values.

> **Note** The hook `useColorMode` let you update color mode of your app in every cases. [Learn more](#changing-color-mode)

```tsx live=false
// A.
// System sets initial value.
// App subscribes to system color mode changes.
const config: ThemeConfig = {
  initialColorMode: 'system',
  useSystemColorMode: true,
}

// B.
// System sets initial value.
// App color mode is detached from system color mode changes.
const config: ThemeConfig = {
  initialColorMode: 'system',
  useSystemColorMode: false,
}

// C.
// You choose initial value.
// App color mode is detached from system color mode changes.
const config: ThemeConfig = {
  initialColorMode: 'dark', // 'dark' | 'light'
  useSystemColorMode: false,
}

// D.
// You choose initial value.
// App subscribes to system color mode changes.
const config: ThemeConfig = {
  initialColorMode: 'dark', // 'dark' | 'light'
  useSystemColorMode: true,
}
```

#### Behavior of ColorMode

> The current hierarchy of how chakra resolves the color mode:

Reviewer: Can we change this to: ``
```suggestion
The current hierarchy of how Chakra UI resolves the color mode:
```

Author: Included in commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0

> - Get the color mode value in the specified storage (localStorage or cookie manager or custom)

Reviewer: Can we change this to: 
```suggestion
- Get the color mode value in the specified storage (localStorage, cookie manager or custom)
```

Author: Included in commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0

- If value doesn't exist, use the `initialColorMode` value specified.
  - If the initial value is `system`, then we'll compute the color mode using
    `matchMedia`
  - Else, we use the initial value as is.

- If user specifies `useSystemColorMode: true`, then we'll subscribe to color
  mode changes from the operating system. It is no longer used to determine the
  initial color mode. To achieve that, please use `initialColorMode: "system"`

// TODO : Keep this ??? Is still valid ??

> - if `data-theme` prop is defined through e.g. `ColorModeScript` / after

Author: **Need Help**
This sentence is still valid ??
> if `data-theme` prop is defined through e.g. `ColorModeScript` / after modification/initial load of the colorMode this value will be used

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand what you mean by this sentence.

Author: I'm not aware if this sentence is still valid, because i take a too short look at the code to be able to deduce it :)

Sentence i'm referring to:
> if data-theme prop is defined through e.g. ColorModeScript / after modification/initial load of the colorMode this value will be used
```

Author: After commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0 this is not already resolved.

Author: I'm testing the `data-theme` attribute on html element in this [Codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/chakra-ui-color-mode-test-html-attr-data-theme-l2sinw?file=/src/App.tsx).

But i'm not sure if  this "feature" should be included in the docs, and how to explain it.

My doubts:
- How this is supposed to work? 
- Why developer want to mutate this attribute ?
  - Why toggle this attribute instead of using `useColorMode.toggleColorMode` ?
  - Maybe to toggle color mode outside React ?

Author: We should consider to discard these lines from the docs because of lack of explained usage ?
Or we should keep these lines as they are ?

Reviewer: Hey, sorry on the inactivity on my end. You are right, I don't think this would be needed in the docs since it doesn't provide any useful information and it causes confusion.

Author: Don't worry, we are all busy.
I removed this sentence.

  modification/initial load of the colorMode this value will be used

#### Difference between `initialColorMode='system'` and `useSystemColorMode`

`initialColorMode` value is used to determine the value on first visit, or after a storage reset.

> `useSystemColorMode` is a boolean that indicates if chakra must subscribes (and update) to operative system's color mode changes.

Reviewer: Can we change this to: 
```suggestion
`useSystemColorMode` is a boolean that indicates if Chakra UI subscribes (and updates) based on the operating system's color mode changes.
```

Author: Included in commit 1d1ec8bb6a4a658357504dbde6b8077c8ac6cfb0
